[Music]
notify all stations Starfleet emergency
friendly birth is on the edge of
destruction the key to saving the future
spark you're talking about the end of
every life on Earth can be found only in
the past take us home these are the
voyages of the crew of the Starship
Enterprise judging by the pollution
content of the atmosphere I believe we
have arrived at the latter half of the
20th century stardate 1986 San Francisco
our own world is waiting for us to save
they have 24 hours everybody remember
where we parked Franco to complete their
mission it looked like a cadet review
evil deeming tonight's collect the
photons and beam outs
I want you all to be very careful
without being discovered we have an
intruder all right who are you you're
not exactly catching us at our best
that much is certain this is an
extremely primitive and paranoid culture
does it mean exact change
many of their customs will doubtless
take us by surprise we're ready for beam
out my transporter powers down to
minimal
one at a time you're from outer space no
I'm from Iowa I only work in outer space
let's do our job and get out of here
I lost inquire you
I'm coming with you you can't our next
stop is the Star Trek for the voyage
home
[Music]